I´m a sciencies teacher. I enjoy teach im my classes but i dont like grend home work. It sam´s to take ours.
I´m ceo happy. I travel over the world to see clients and they really enjoy sale of prod 
I´m vet. I´m enjoy thrid seek animals and ... get bather people thank my for helping there pets
I raft go on an lot a business trips in my job. I travel two or three times a month but i hate fly.
I´m to garden in paris. It´s not easy job but i love telling people about history of the city.
I work in the busy call center. but i hard do something more active. I hate stay in desk all day 
I´m waiter in a ... hotel. I´m enjoy serving customers and make them feel well come


[11.1]
1) There are three printers in your department.
2) Are there ladies´ toilets on the second floor 
3) There isn´t a cafeteria in the building
4) Is there a set time for launch breaks 
5) There aren´t any elevator in the office.
6) Is there a dress code at this company
7) There´s a photocopy on the first floor.
8) There aren´t any trash cans in the office.
9) Are there any interns on your team? 
10) There´s a calender on the notice board.

[11.2] 
 There is a trash cans for we ... paper.
1) There is an elevator that goes to all the office floors 
2) There are some stickers in the stationery cabinet
3) There are some men´s toilets on the first and third floor
4) There is a water cooler in the kitchen
5) There isn´t a set time for lunch breaks

[11.3]
So. How use your first day in the new job Deb.
it´s great 
There are five people in my time and they are all very friendly.
and ... whats the offices like.
well. there are three floors but there isn´t elevator. so there are lost ...
You get fit walking open down ...
Yes. I will.
And .. Is there .... offices in your team? 
Yes! There is.
Is only second floor next to a calls. there is an prints in the offices to.
Is there a dress code?
Yes there is.
it´s business dress code.
But the some time ... days .... in your jeans and give money two and third 
and .. Is there a cafeteria?
There is small café in the first floor.
whit sell some .. news
That some is perfect 
It is.
I think an go to enjoy work there. a Lot 

[14.8]
this prints is faster than the other, but that one is more reliable.
this coffee is stronger than I normally buy, but it is also tastier.
this building is newer than my last workplace, and the are is quietter
this café is busier than the other one, so the services is slower
My new uniform is comfortabler than my old one, but uglier

[14.11]
I work long a hours than before,but i .... . The job it is much interesting and I happy here
My ... salary is better than my previous job . Now i can farther by new car 
I finish work at five o´clock everyday, because the over time pay is much was the my old job. So it´s ... work late.
... I really hate for my new job is last the my lost one but I get other benefits ... free lunch´s and the travel car.
My commute is shorter the in ... so I can bicycle the work now. What is great. Because i quite my fit and save my money
My weekly ... a last and before , both i get much big a ... a the end every month 

[14.15]

Hi John.
I going to be work on these new marketing project review.
So. How did you workflow before you can to work for as here.
Well. I is work for a ... old marketing company. It´s much more up to day here.
What you enjoy most about project?
I love working with social media campaign now
I no a work long hours, but job is so much more interesting.
What you think about boss?
I liker. She friendly in than my old boss
I think it speak .... is more relax. Everything was this organized than my old job, but here it´s much more efficient

[14.16]
So Patrick these is new offices
.....
How do you think compare today other sad?
Well. The other sad was old fashion ... is that
These is more modern I like
So. What .. do you like about?
Definitely is better for ...
The ... a more comfortable,so I don`t care back anymore 
plus the are new computers there faster ....
and the new software is easy the use.
True, What do you think about the new location?
It`s great the build is much close my apartment.
so is create for my is get to work and last time ... train.
Have you fund anywhere good to go for launch?
I have ... these great Japan restaurant i going to these launch time
what do you like the come ..



[15.3]
1- Lunch is served at noon.
2- Don´t leave before Mr. Davies .
3- Never arrive after 9am.


[15.6]
I live in istanbu. I take the ... the work it money, I love the view.
I live in the suburb So I have the take train the work it`s comfortable common and I read my book.
............
I like stan ... I return home .. foot eat evening. It take about forty minutes.
I drive to work everyday. There are lost traffic ... during rush alwere


[15.9]
I love take the metro to work it´s really convenient I void all the trafic ... and I get read paper in the morning.
I ride my bike to work and then stored in my office. It´s much better than trying to find space at to be trek.
I commute go by train. It´s great. It´s really comfortable and a get lot is work .. and the evening. The travel is that very excpensived
I like going to work by motor cycle. it´s free to parking at more economic than drive a car.
I drive to work. Because is really convenient and I can pack my children of school one alway home.
I´m take the boat the ... island and go to the next island by fary to meet people from the at port.
When I have a lot or documents and files the work home over the weekend. I take the taxi home for work.
I go to work on foot everyday. I like , because helps my stay fit but I don´t like care in on my laptop and papers when it rains. 

[17.2]
In my free time a like ..... at house .... outside fresh air
I ... fit because I have pet dog and I ref take for work 
I also go running frequently about three time all week. Usually ... in my house it´s big pock and a long about five kilometers it time 
I like ...my friends. We sometime go to the moves about one so ... month. We loves moves and .... about ... I go camping together, Usually rains 
... because so much ...
Saturday night we always go out . We never stay in home. Is to boring.

[17.3]
I often do yoga in the evening.
WE occasionally go to see a play.
She often listens to music at work.
I always take photos on when I go vacation.

[18.5]
Helo Ben
How was your weekend?
Great Thanks.
I visit York with Helen and the kids.
Wow. Was you a good trip.
Yes. Thanks. York is really beautiful history city and there are lot .. building , and stayed really nice hotel 
oh What do you do ... there?
Well. We visit old castle, I love history and the kids enjoy explore old different rooms, it`s very atmosphere And visit ... Museum. It`s so interesting.
You can see what tower look like in the ...
What do you do in evening?
I want to the go to the circus, but there are no ticket.
So we want see a moves in stayed. 
we ... animation. The kids liked. but I didn´t. It´s boring to be honest.
What do you do for food?
Helen like trying new food . So we want Korean restaurant. Helen enjoying, but the children didn´t like food.
So we walk ... restaurant ... long street.
My kids a ... to you, it`s so the ....
I know



[18.6]
We arrived late, but our boss didn´t shout at us.
I washed my car , but it didn´t look clean.
I watch the film, but I didn´t enjoy it
I stopped raining, but then it started snowing.
I didn´t walk to work, I cycle.



[18.10]
Hi Jasmine how are you?
Okay thanks 
I ... back my vacation.
OH Was a good?
Yes. Thanks.
We was in activity best trip, so I play lost sports.
oh like what?
Well. I play tennis. I love tennis and a play volleyball but I also try think the first time.
That is really ....
For example.
I try yoga.
Did you enjoy? 
Yes! I really liked.
I want do again.
Did you try in ... local food?
OH yes. I love try new food.
I tried cafta and ...
Absolute delicious
Oh Did you care sun back ... form.
We now love my food.
Sore no.
Mybe I can find recep 


[19.4]
Hello, I`m Rachel
I was born April ... 1986 in Boston but I move to New York where i live now in 2014
I´m Lawyer and I started work for these company in August 2015.
I really like the people my team.
My best friend is Samanta. She is the Lawyer too.
Happy birthday in July. She comes from ... in Scotland.
My husband is .... he comes from hon kong 
and he move to New York in 1998 he is a Lawyer too.
both work for different fan. We go married a may 4 2016.
We very happy together.

[19.5]
Hi I`m Joe.
I move to London in 2012
I in Bank ...
and I started in my company in March 2012.
The people in my company our great, especially my colleague Ailsa how is now is my wife.
We first work together in a august 2012.
I like ... alway petty sun she like to my too.
We play tennis together and watch the .... moves and listen to the ... music.
..... we go married 
We was fantastic day, with all my friends and family there.
Now we expecting a baby.
Little Luca is do to a live a may 12 next year.

[20.6]
I left in my lost job in the kitchen all the lord ... restaurant because I had work 14 hours everyday.
I work in a hair stylist my lost job summer my client were celebrities
I deliver mail in my first job when I was eight years old
I had a bicycle and a uniform and the bag is really have.
I`m twenty years has old and a got college to study from must .....  I`m study different college from my underground at ... I had heavy job
My first job in a Hospital and the spending my time care for people and emergency department.

[21.4]
Hi everyone.
Okay. I`m here today to tell you bit about all company history.
Brisar Wilson started teen at you key ... more company could Brisar Styling
(1) - Brisar Styling was founded by Brian and Sarah Paterson in 1984.
They open the ... salon in a town about one hundred small for London.
(2) At first business was quite slow and the salon was often empty
Brian and Sarah ... only to people ... Styling Hair and often work very long hours.
How every there repetition grow and the salon be can much busier
(3) They opened a second hair salon in London in 1988.
This boss .... because ... very hi
They the ......
(4) Five years last they launched their hair product rage.
(5) By 1995 they were stylists for many top celebrities.
This celebrities also us the ... products 
And the products be cam very popular
(6) Last year, Brisar Styling merged with our beauty product company, Wilson`s.
Now Brisar Wilson`s is the big join hair and beauty product company in the country



